Fix module5-exercise4 (#109)
UBC-MDS/ds-toolbox: chapters/en/module5.md

After running <code>git log --oneline --all --graph</code> in your repository you get as output the following tree:

<img src="/module5/module5-exercise4-cl.png" alt="output git log"> 

Select the options that are TRUE

<choice id = 5>

> <opt text='There are changes to the <code>main</code> branch that has not been pushed to GitHub yet'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<opt text='There are changes to the <code>main</code> branch that have not been pushed to GitHub yet'>
```

> All the changes in the main branch have been pushed to GitHub. Notice that the <code>main</code> label (the local <code>main</code> branch) and <code>origin/main</code> (the remote <code>main</code> branch) labels are positioned in the same commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the changes in the main branch have been pushed to GitHub. Notice that the <code>main</code> label (the local <code>main</code> branch) and the <code>origin/main</code> (the remote <code>main</code> branch) label are both positioned on the same commit.
```

</opt>
<opt text='There are changes to the <code>lecture-todo</code> branch that has not been pushed to GitHub yet ' correct='true'>
The <code>lecture-todo</code> branch shows up alone on the latest commit. If the changes were on GitHub there would be at least one branch with the <code>origin/</code> prefix on the latest commit as well.
</opt>
<opt text='The commit 266de1e exist only in your local computer' correct='true'>

> The label <code>origin/lecture-todo</code> that are pointing the last change in the remote are downstream this two commit. This means that 266de1e was created after pulling or cloning from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label <code>origin/lecture-todo</code> (commit b66e2d9) is pointing to the last change in the remote on this branch and shows up prior to commit 266de1e in the output from <code>git log</code> (remember that the most recent commits are on top). This means that 266de1e was created after b66e2d9 and has not yet been pushed to GitHub (when it is pushed, the label <code>origin/lecture-todo</code> will be moved to commit 266de1e).
```

</opt>
<opt text='The commits 6d60de8 and b66e2d9 exist both in your local computer and on GitHub' correct='true'>

> The position of the label <code>origin/main</code> and <code>origin/lecture-todo</code>indicates that both commits are part of these branches on the GitHub remote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The position of the labels <code>origin/main</code> and <code>origin/lecture-todo</code> indicates that both commits have been pushed and are part of the respective branches on the GitHub remote.
```
